1) How could you implement your web server without using the network_wait() function?
	
		The web server could be implemented without using the network_wait() function by including the sys/select.h header and
		calling the select function from the main.

2) Why is the network_wait() function needed?

		The network_wait() function is needed to block (put the program to sleep) until a client connects. Otherwise the main would
		constantly be polling until a client connected which would be more resource intensive. 

3) Is there a limit to the size of the file that can be sent? Why?

		In my implementation there is a limit of 2,147,481,600 bytes that can be sent. This is a limitation of the senfile() 
		function not a limit of the HTTP protocol iteself. In general, there is no limit to the size of the file that can be sent by 
		HTTP however many browsers impose limitations (e.g Microsoft Internet Explorer has a 4GB limit for HTTP and FTP transfers). 

		There is also a filesize limit of the HTTP request itself which is again browser specific. Some browsers limit the request to 
		2KB and some allow up to 8KB. To be safe, we would therefore want to keep requests below 2KB to ensure compatibility with all 
		popular browsers (IE, Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Opera, etc...).
		
4) What happens to all the waiting clients if the current client requests a large file (say a few gigabytes in size)?

		Waiting client's requests will be processed in order after the request for the large file has been processed.
			
5) Why is it important to close the file after it is sent?
		
		Given the prototype: 		
		int fclose(FILE *fp)
	
		Using fclose() flushes the stream pointed to by fp and closes the underlying file descriptor. It also ensures that access
		to the file will not be blocked for any concurrent read/write operations. 

6) Why is it important to close the connection after the response is sent?
		
		Closing the socket will deallocate it making it available for return by subsequent calls that allocate file descriptors. 
		It will also remove any outstanding record locks owned by the process on the file associated with that descriptor.